This is version v0 23 July 2014 of the roadmap.



###SystemWindows support

 SystemWindow is quite complex morph that requires many of other morph classes including text morphs, theming support etc. But in several situations the system windows play special role and the Morphic core classes need to be aware of them. So we have several options:

- (current) do not have SystemWindow & co. in the image but let basic support of them. That will produce some unimplemented calls

- create very simple SystemWindow superclass that will be part of the Morphic-Core but will not have look and possibilities of real SystemWindow

- include SystemWindow and supporting classes

###Tools

The current image generated by this configuration will crash as soon as you try to press some keyboard button. The reason is in the method Morph>>#handleKeystroke. This method contains this code to support Keymapping

Smalltalk tools shortcuts handleKeystroke: anEvent inMorph: self.

The #tools message is part of Tool-Base package and need to be there because it uses lazy evaluation that creates a ToolRegistry instance. Because Tool-Base is not loaded in the minimal nor Morphic-Core image, it raises DNU

Solutions:
*  introduce some safer form like Smalltalk withToolsDo: [:tools | ...]. In this case it will not be able to look if the class variable "Tools" is nil (because of lazy evaluation) but it will need to do some ugly check of presence of ToolRegistry class or something similar. In this case we will produce more unimplemented calls (on several places in the image because withToolsDo: may be handy in other cases too)

* something different :)
	Pavel checked the package dependensies of Keymappings and Keymapping-Core, Keymapping-KeyCombinations and Keymapping-Pragmas. The only ugly dependency is on MenuRegistration (that is dependent on several other packages). Becuase this is only one place where the Keymappings are used in Morphic-Core, I whould prefer to add a class variable named ShortcutsHandler to Morph and register Keymappings here (or let it be nil for Morphic-Core)

### Varia


[ Morphic-Core ] WorldMorph>>mouseDown: evt
                    super mouseDown: evt.
                    self currentWindow ifNotNil: [ :topWindow | SystemWindow passivateTopWindow ]

	creates another dependencies to Morphic-Widgets-Windows

There is also

    slideBackToFormerSituation: that could be moved to morphic-base because it refers to transformation morph.
    
    




